but now we're going to get the latest on
the Israel Gaza War security officials
from the United States Egypt and Qatar
will meet in Doha today to try to revive
negotiations on a ceasefire in Gaza and
they include the CIA director William
Burns the White House says it's still
waiting for a response from Hamas on a
plan presented by President Biden last
Friday Hamas has insisted that any deal
it subscribes to must commit to a
permanent ceasefire and also an Israeli
withdrawal from Gaza on Tuesday the
Israeli Army launched a new operation
against Hamas in the bour refugee camp
in the center of Gaza Israeli forces are
continuing to mount an offensive in the
southern city of Rafa and the alifa
hospital in Gaza City was the subject of
multiple Israeli raids earlier this year
our Middle East correspondent yoland
Nell has been speaking to rescue workers
who have examined the wreckage amid
calls for an international investigation
into the hospitals
destruction amid ruins that R of
death Palestinians ped over what was
once gaza's biggest and best equipped
hospital after Israeli forces
withdrew Israel's military raid in March
was the second at the site and it was
dramatically
destructive four Mass Graves containing
local search teams say hundreds of
bodies have now been dug up at a shifa
prompting international calls for an
investigation into possible war
crimes there are reports of suspicious
finds we've discovered bodies of women
and children and people without heads as
well as torn body
parts Israel's military says it exhumed
bodies which Palestinians had buried
earlier as it searched for hostages
seized by Hamas but some of the Dead
were patients
wied believes his mother Lena died of
malnutrition and dehydration her corpse
was badly
decomposed I identified her from
particular marks on her legs she'd been
wounded in November and had a toe
amputated on each
foot Israel blames any deaths of
patients on natural causes but the World
Health Organization says those trapped
endured horrific conditions during The
Siege
20 patients died and and there were PE
there were patients on oxygen and say
who couldn't get oxygen there was not
proper medication but also the food and
water were stories that 15 people had to
share one bottle of water Israel's Army
says Palestinian gunmen were based
inside a
shifer and that over 2 weeks it killed
more than 200 Hamas and Islamic Jihad
operatives shifa has become a main
terrorism command Center for Hamas the
surprise action by our forces was
precise and
surgical but battles spread onto nearby
streets and here Witnesses have told us
that many civilians including entire
families were also killed by Israeli air
strikes and snipers during the asifa
raid a dedicated surgeon Dr Ahmed al-
madma was one of those shot dead close
to the hospital where he worked I'm
surprised at any I spoke to a top
British surgeon who'd helped train him
he was not just hungry for knowledge he
was a a very gentle and uh and and
somebody who you all of us would want to
have as our sort of doctors Dr Ahmed was
off shift at home near a shifa when
Israeli forces returned after 4 days
Under Siege and a harsh interrogation by
soldiers he tried to leave Gaza City on
foot with his mother
yra 11 days after his disappearance his
father s says we found ahmed's
decomposed
body Israel's military says it's unaware
of the deaths of the surgeon and his
mother many others are still searching
for loved ones missing since the asfa
raid with International forensic experts
unable to get to the site garans are
mostly focusing on finding the dead and
giving them proper
burials and that adds to worries that
the full truth of what happened here may
never be uncovered yolan Nell BBC News
Jerusalem we do have a special section
on our website dedicated to the Israel
Gaza War around the world and across the
UK this is BBC News